c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\bin\Debug\BowlingApp.exe.config
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\bin\Debug\BowlingApp.exe
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\bin\Debug\BowlingApp.pdb
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp.g.resources
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp.exe
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlingApp.pdb
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlerFrame.g.cs
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlerFrames.g.cs
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlerFrame.baml
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\BowlerFrames.baml
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\FinalBowlerFrame.g.cs
c:\users\dannyquack\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BowlingApp\BowlingApp\obj\Debug\FinalBowlerFrame.baml
